Getting started guides for Kyma (#9296)
kyma-project/kyma: docs/getting-started/11-expose-function.md

    Console UI
    </summary>

1. Select the `orders-service` Namespace from the drop-down list in the top navigation panel.

2. Go to **Configuration** > **API Rules** in the left navigation panel and select **Create API Rule**.

3. In the **General settings** section:

    - Enter `orders-function` as the API Rule's **Name**.

    >**NOTE:** The APIRule CR can have a different name than the Function, but it is recommended that all related resources share common names.

    - Enter `orders-function` as **Hostname** to indicate the host on which you want to expose your Function.

    - Select `orders-function` as the **Service** that indicates the Function you want to expose.

4. In the **Access strategies** section, leave the default settings, with `GET` and `POST` methods and the `noop` handler selected.

5. Select **Create** to confirm the changes.

    A message appears on the screen confirming the changes were saved.

6. Once the pop-up box closes, check that you can access the Function by selecting the HTTPS link under the **Host** column of the new `orders-function` API Rule.

    </details>
</div>

### Call and test the microservice

Follow these steps:

> > **CAUTION:** If you have a Minikube cluster, you must first add the IP address of the exposed k8s to the `hosts` file on your machine:

Author: and not: ```If you have a Minikube cluster, you must first add the IP address of the exposed Service to the `hosts` file on your machine:```  @magicmatatjahu ?

> > **CAUTION:** If you have a Minikube cluster, you must first add the IP address of the exposed k8s to the `hosts` file on your machine:

Reviewer: An example of an IP is: `192.168.0.1`.
An example of an endpoint is: `/health`.
An example of a hostname is: `orders-function.kyma.local`.

What you add to the `/etc/hosts` file is the Service's hostname mapped to the IP of your Minikube cluster. The Service itself does not have an IP address per se. 

See [this](https://tldp.org/LDP/solrhe/Securing-Optimizing-Linux-RH-Edition-v1.3/chap9sec95.html) and [this](https://superuser.com/questions/59093/difference-between-host-name-and-domain-name) for reference.

---
title: Expose the Function
type: Getting Started
---

> In this guides, you will expose your Function outside the cluster, through an HTTP proxy. To expose it, use an APIRule custom resource (CR) managed by the in-house API Gateway Controller. This controller reacts to an instance of the APIRule CR and, based on its details, it creates an Istio Virtual Service and Oathkeeper Access Rules that specify your permissions for the exposed Function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this guide, you will expose your Function outside the cluster, through an HTTP proxy. To expose it, use an APIRule custom resource (CR) managed by the in-house API Gateway Controller. This controller reacts to an instance of the APIRule CR and, based on its details, it creates an Istio Virtual Service and Oathkeeper Access Rules that specify your permissions for the exposed Function.
```

    - Enter `orders-function` as the API Rule's **Name**.

    >**NOTE:** The APIRule CR can have a name different from that of the Function, but it is recommended that all related resources share common names.

    - Enter `orders-function` as **Hostname** to indicate the host on which you want to expose your Function.

    - Select `orders-function` as the **Service** that indicates the Function you want to expose.

4. In the **Access strategies** section, leave the default settings, with the `GET` and `POST` methods and the `noop` handler selected.

5. Select **Create** to confirm the changes.

    A message appears on the screen confirming that the changes were saved.

6. Once the pop-up box closes, check that you can access the Function by selecting the HTTPS link under the **Host** column of the new `orders-function` API Rule.

    </details>
</div>

### Call and test the microservice

Follow these steps:

> **CAUTION:** If you have a Minikube cluster, you must first add the IP address of the exposed Service to the `hosts` file on your machine:
>
> ```bash
> echo "$(minikube ip) orders-function.kyma.local" | sudo tee -a /etc/hosts
> ```

> 1. Retrieve the domain of an exposed Function and save it to an environment variable:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Retrieve the domain of the exposed Function and save it to an environment variable:
```
I believe we should stick to the definite article (or the possessive adjective `your`) here, as this is the guide on Exposing Function, and you open it with the words: 
```
In this guide, you will expose your Function outside the cluster, through an HTTP proxy. 
```
where you already mention the Function. 
Plus you also use the definite article in the steps for kubectl above.

Follow these steps:

> > **CAUTION:** If you have a Minikube cluster, you must first add its IP address mapped to the exposed Kubernetes Service to the `hosts` file on your machine:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **CAUTION:** If you have a Minikube cluster, you must first add its IP address mapped to the exposed Function to the `hosts` file on your machine:
```
I think it's `Function` here. See the command below:
```
echo "$(minikube ip) orders-function.kyma.local" | sudo tee -a /etc/hosts
```

> > **CAUTION:** If you have a Minikube cluster, you must first add its IP address mapped to the exposed Kubernetes Service to the `hosts` file on your machine:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **CAUTION:** If you have a Minikube cluster, you must first add its IP address mapped to the hostname of the exposed Function to the `hosts` file on your machine:
```
I think it's `Function` here. See the command below:
```
echo "$(minikube ip) orders-function.kyma.local" | sudo tee -a /etc/hosts
```
